README.md, before:

# Superpowers

*Powerful, extensible, cooperative. For indie game makers.*

  * Download: https://sparklinlabs.com/ and http://sparklinlabs.itch.io/superpowers
  * Documentation: http://docs.sparklinlabs.com/

## Getting started with development

  * Install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) 4.x and [Mercurial](http://tortoisehg.bitbucket.org/)
  * Download the boostrap script for your operating system and place it in an empty `superpowers` folder
    * On Windows, you'll want [bootstrap.cmd](http://superpowers.bitbucket.org/scripts/bootstrap.cmd)
    * On Linux or OS X, download [bootstrap.sh](http://superpowers.bitbucket.org/scripts/bootstrap.sh)
  * Run the bootstrap script. It will take a few minutes to clone the repositories and build everything.

Once it's done, run `node server/` and open `http://localhost:4237/` in your browser.

## Rebuilding all or parts of Superpowers

You can use `./scripts/build.cmd` (on Windows) or `./scripts/build.sh` (elsewhere) to rebuild all of Superpowers. You can optionally add an argument to only rebuild paths containing it.

For instance `./scripts/build.cmd supGame` will only rebuild stuff within the `supGame` folder.


## Enabling development mode

In order to catch as many runtime errors as possible while working on Superpowers,
you can run the following in your browser's console:

    localStorage.setItem("superpowers-dev-mode", "true");

When development mode is enabled, the project header in the top-left corner
will be blue. When it turns red, it's a good sign that you should
open your dev tools and look for errors in the Console tab.

Commit message:

Update README in anticipation for open source release

README.md, after:

# Superpowers, the HTML5 2D+3D game maker

![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/superpowers/superpowers.svg)
[![](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/superpowers/home.svg)](https://gitter.im/superpowers/home)  
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/patreon-support%20us-brightgreen.svg)](https://www.patreon.com/SparklinLabs)
[![](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/SuperpowersDev.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/SuperpowersDev)

## Powerful, extensible, collaborative.

  * [Website](http://superpowers-html5.com/) —
    [Download](https://sparklinlabs.itch.io/superpowers) —
    [Documentation](http://docs.superpowers-html5.com/)
  * [How to contribute](http://docs.superpowers-html5.com/en/development/how-to-contribute) —
    [Building Superpowers](http://docs.superpowers-html5.com/en/development/building-superpowers)

Superpowers is a downloadable HTML5 app. You can use it solo like a regular offline game maker,
or setup a password and let friends join in on your project through their Web browser.
It's great for working together over long periods of time, for jamming over a weekend,
or just for helping each other out with debugging!

We've built the [Superpowers Game engine](https://github.com/superpowers/superpowers-game) and a bunch of asset editors for it.
But the coolest thing is this: Superpowers itself is actually engine-agnostic.
It's just a piece of software for collaborating on projects and you can add project types and editors to it.

![](http://i.imgur.com/g4iNlEn.png)
